com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/History.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.History
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/Country.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.Country
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/TranslateActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.TranslateActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.BuildConfig
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/Conversation.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.Conversation
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/OnBoarding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.OnBoarding
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/utils/SquareImageView.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.SquareImageView
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/listener/LanguageClickListener.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.listener.LanguageClickListener
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/Language.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.Language
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/database/DataBaseHelper.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.database.DataBaseHelper
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/SelectLanguage.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.SelectLanguage
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/RootActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.RootActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/listener/TranslateListener.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.listener.TranslateListener
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/PhraseWord.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.PhraseWord
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/PhraseBook.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.PhraseBook
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/listener/SelectLanguageClickListener.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.listener.SelectLanguageClickListener
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/model/Category.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.model.Category
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/listener/CountryClickListener.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.listener.CountryClickListener
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/StarterActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.StarterActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/SelectLanguageAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.SelectLanguageAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.SelectLanguageAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/utils/ConvertTextToSpeech.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.ConvertTextToSpeech
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/TranslateFragment.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateFragment
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateFragment$1
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateFragment$2
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateFragment$3
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateFragment$ResultOrError
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/OnBoardingActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.OnBoardingActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.OnBoardingActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.HistoryAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.HistoryAdapter$DateContainerViewHolder
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.HistoryAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/HistoryActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.HistoryActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/utils/DataTranslator.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.DataTranslator
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.DataTranslator$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/CountryAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.CountryAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.CountryAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/ConversationActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.ConversationActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.ConversationActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/TranslateViewModel.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$1
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$2
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$3
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$4
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$5
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$6
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$7
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$8
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.TranslateViewModel$ResultOrError
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/SelectLanguageActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.SelectLanguageActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/EssentialActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.EssentialActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/CountryActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.CountryActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.CountryActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/utils/GeneralPreference.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.GeneralPreference
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/OnBoardingAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.OnBoardingAdapter
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/TimePassVoiceActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.TimePassVoiceActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/ConversationAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.ConversationAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.ConversationAdapter$DateContainerViewHolder
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.ConversationAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.SplashActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.SplashActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/SettingActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.SettingActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/utils/CountrySelector.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.utils.CountrySelector
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.MainActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.MainActivity$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/LanguageAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.LanguageAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.LanguageAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/activity/PhrasesActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.activity.PhrasesActivity
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/PhraseCategoryAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.PhraseCategoryAdapter
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.PhraseCategoryAdapter$1
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.PhraseCategoryAdapter$2
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.PhraseCategoryAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/fragment/PhraseCategoryFragment.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.fragment.PhraseCategoryFragment
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.fragment.PhraseCategoryFragment$1
com/google/mlkit/samples/nl/translate/java/adapter/PageAdapter.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.nl.translate.java.adapter.PageAdapter
